Alright!
Let's add your first server. Two commands and
you're set.
There are two pieces. The command-line tool
runs on your laptop, and an orchestrator
called renet runs on the server. The
CLI talks to it over SSH, so
you never need to log into the server manually.
Register the server from the command line.
You give it a name,
its IP address,
and the SSH user.
The name is just a local alias.
We use machine-11 so it matches the
IP,
but it can be anything you like,
such as prod-db or web-1.
There is no separate init step;
the config file is created automatically on
first use.
Server registered.
Host keys were scanned automatically.
Next we provision the server.
This installs renet and creates the encrypted
datastore.
Done.
Renet is installed and the datastore is
ready.
Here is the file that holds
everything:
your machines,
the SSH key,
and infrastructure settings.
It is plain JSON,
created automatically.
You can keep several configs,
one per environment such as production
or staging,
and switch between them with the
config flag.
One portable file.
Copy it to another laptop to drive the
same servers.
And that's a wrap on adding a server! See you in
the next one.